In April of 2022, I was using Ubuntu 20.04 (Fossa), and
couldn't build.

I did the following:
  sudo apt install sphinx-doc
  sudo apt install sphinx-rtd-theme-common
  sudo apt install python3-sphinx-rtd-theme

After that, 'make html' worked fine on Ubuntu 20.04
(That is, there was no need to set up a python virtual environment.
Hurray!)

--------
In Sept. of 2020, I was using Ubuntu 16.04 (Xenial),
and had some issues with the default versions of packages
for Sphinx and sphinx-rtd-theme for that distribution of Linux.
(packages python-sphinx-1.3.6-2ubuntu1.2
python-sphinx-rtd-theme-0.1.9-1, respectively)

I decided to use a python virtual environment, and
this fixed several of my problems.  Specifically, it
allowed me to use autogenerated anchor labels for section
headings, and it fixed some links in the documentation
that had been failing to render properly.

Here is some information on setting up and using a
Python3 virtual environment for Sphinx:

Make sure you have the python3-venv (virtual environment
package) installed.  If not, do:

 $ sudo apt-get install python3-venv

Try these commands in the 'docs' directory:

 $ python3 -v venv py3-sphinx
   - this creates a python3 virtual environment in the directory
     'py3-sphinx'

 $ source py3-sphinx/bin/activate
   - this activates the virtual environment
   - your prompt should now be prefixed with "(py3-sphinx)"

Install the latest sphinx and sphinx-rtd-themes, in the virtual
environment:

 $ pip3 install sphinx

 $ pip3 install sphinx-rtd-theme

You should be able to verify that sphinx is installed with:
 $ sphinx-build --version

And you can see all packages that pip installed into the
virtual environment, along with their versions, with:
 $ pip3 list

In my virtual environment, I ended up with the following
versions:
 - sphinx: 3.2.1
 - sphinx-rtd-theme: 0.5.0

Now, you should be able to build the documentation using
these versions of sphinx and sphinx-rtd-theme, using
the standard documentation build commands:
 $ make html
 $ make latexpdf

You will need to activate the virtual environment every
time you wish to build the documentation.

To exit the virtual environment, just type 'deactivate'
at the shell prompt.

 $ deactivate
